Rule Changes
1. Formal alliances are allowed
2. Players can do 3 Effect Actions per turn. This includes: Reducing Brew Time of Brewing spells, Removing 1 Toxic, Taking 1 Soul Token and removing 1 Paralysis. All other actions are still unlimited
3. You can put Plate Add-Ons onto a plate
4. Players start with 1 random Perk
5. Rest of rules remain the same
Event Cards
1. Devil’s Accomplice (during this event, any players may take as many Soul Tokens as they want. In turn, for each 2 Soul Tokens they take, they must flip 1 Heart Card)
2. Discount Day (reroll Merchant prices; prices are halved for the rest of the round)
3. Truce (no spells may be cast until this event ends)
4. Surprise Auction (reveal top 3 cards from Merchant deck; players bid Soul Tokens. Winner picks 1, others are reshuffled into the Merchant deck)
5. Soul Surge (every Heart you take grants +2 Soul Tokens instead of +1 this round)
6. Eyes Closed (for the duration of this even
7. Acid Rain (all players must take 3 Toxic at the start of their turn for the duration of this event)
8. Wildfire (players may not draw cards this round)
9. Free Taxes (the player with the least soul tokens may choose an amount of Soul Tokens to steal from all other players) 
Main Deck+
1. Darkite (0 stat gem) 
2. Darkite Plate (blocks Darkite) 
3. Dark Matter (adds +1 Attack, Toxic, and Paralysis but also +1 Brew Time)
4. Paralysis Plate (blocks all spells containing paralysis)
5. Cardburn Plate (blocks all spells containing cardburn)
6. Lifesteal Plate (blocks all spells containing lifesteal)
7. Heal Plate (blocks all spells containing heal)
8. Toxic Plate (blocks all spells containing toxic) 
9. Treasure Chest (instantly gain 3 Soul Tokens)
10. Witch’s Little Helper (make another player your ally until the current event ends)
Merchant+
Items
1. Time Machine (allows you to get back any full spell from the discard pile) 
2. Neutral Grounds (if an event is in play, nullify its effects)
3. Timeless (add-on for plates. Adds +1 to this plate’s duration)
4. Thorns (add-on for plates. If players attack you while this plate is up, no matter the gem, they take 2 Hearts of recoil) 
5. Hidden (add-on for plates. This plate may remain hidden)